LEARNING OUTCOMES
Perform in a practical project
Evidenced through project
Originate, apply and propose clear strategies for the development of an audiovisual production
Apply appropriate and effective solutions in response to technical problems.
Construct creative solutions to technical problems relating to interactive music systems
Develop creative ideas from a storyboard or project plan in the construction of a multimedia project
Evaluate technical problems correctly.
Explore the capabilities of the chosen techniques to a sufficient extent
Identify constituent parts of typical sound systems and demonstrate safe and proficient operation.
Interpret and adapt given/recorded parts as appropriate to the performance/ensemble.
Perform with an appropriate level of technical instrumental/vocal control as required by the repertoire/genre.
Accurately performing authentic, challenging parts
Add appropriate stylistic flourishes or ad libs. where appropriate within the bounds of taste
Analyse and identify key challenges when producing live events.
Analyse and justify the technical mechanisms of their work.
Analyse cultural, historical, social and musical aspects of a chosen style from around the World.
Analyse fundamental concepts in releasing music
Analyse technical specifications and details of audio capturing equipment e.g. microphones, signal processing
Analyse the effectiveness of teamwork in the disintermediated production process
Analyse the role of key songwriting/ arrangement and production techniques through research and the creation of compositions
Analyse the techniques and processes implemented in existing material with attention to proposed remedial processes
Annotate your sounds to communicate the range of advanced software tools and techniques used throughout the development of the final composition.
Apply and attempt to improve relevant concepts or techniques from similar projects.
Apply appropriate audio production, editing and organisational techniques to produce a bespoke library of audio samples.
Apply communication skills and demonstrate creative planning to create a PR strategy for an artist or music event
Apply industry related principles involved in the design, production, and management of the proposed output.
Apply key processes of event creation to the design of an event experience
Apply teamwork in the creation of content for the modern requirements
Apply the principles of a disintermediated production process to a multimedia project
Apply theoretical knowledge of immersive audio techniques/environments.
Appraise, select and implement an appropriate combination of, compression, equalisation and sound manipulation techniques in order to create an intended artistic aesthetic.
Articulate an expanded vocabulary in relation to performance
Articulate an expanded vocabulary in relation to the voice
As demonstrated through practical project
Assess how successfully the methodologies were assimilated to synthesize an original production.
Assess the key creative methodologies employed within production in relation to an intended aesthetic
Classify and connect key terms in music publishing and publishing contracts
Communicate cohesive information which shows development of product.
Communicate effectively and efficiently with other industry professionals and manage tasks both individually and as part of a team.
Communicate technical concepts, present work in a formal matter, create technical documentation.
Communicate using musical terminology relating to music production and traditional music theory.
Communicate your ideas effectively and professionally to industry practitioners.
Competently demonstrate the implementation of health & safety procedures
Compose and manipulate original material to a desired aesthetic
Concert promotion & touring
Consider vocal aesthetics within a musical genre and direct your musical, technical and creative production through critical engagement with research
Construct a schedule for a recording session including equipment used.
Contemporary developments in music publishing.
Contextualise research through practical implementation coursework
Create a contemporary electroacoustic composition.
Create a flowchart to demonstrate recognition of parts of a sound system, and the paths of the main audio signals
Create content to an industry standard suitable for webbased audiences
Create industry standard multimedia content that responds to the interests and concerns of an intended audience
Create, develop and utilise appropriate SFX
Critically analyse electroacoustic compositions by selecting and utilising appropriate established sonic theories and key compositional strategies.
Critically analyse electroacoustic compositions using appropriate established sonic theories and key compositional strategies.
Critically engage with established knowledge/conceptual frameworks to inform, contextualise and shape your project
Define and explain existing & emerging marketing & PR principles and theories
Define globalisation with reference to the media, communications, and popular music
Deliver an accurate performance from notation whilst following the time, dynamic and creative direction from an MD
Demonstrate a specified range of instrumental techniques
Demonstrate an ability to communicate narrative, concept and character
Demonstrate an appropriate level of communication skills within the band during performance.
Demonstrate complex technical and expressive skills within an ensemble.
Demonstrate comprehension of own ideas.
Demonstrate depth of research on techniques and technologies to develop an immersive audio experience.
Demonstrate effective use of room tone and atmos tracks, reverb to match visual cues and sample capture or manipulation and layering
Demonstrate innovation in the use of tools / techniques / application
Demonstrate proficient performance techniques
Demonstrate technical competence to complete a soundcheck with an ensemble
Demonstrate technical proficiency in performing and interpreting music with elements of complexity.
Demonstrate the ability to communicate story and character employing embodied vocal modes of expression
Demonstrate the ability to deliver an audio artefact to established industry standards
Demonstrate the appropriate use of dynamic and stereo processing suitable for video playback.
Demonstrate the effective use of denoising software and subtractive EQ to remove unwanted noise from production sound.
Demonstrate the organisational processes employed
Demonstrate the recording processes employed
Demonstrate understanding of theory and knowledge relating to the nature of sound and the principles of acoustic theory:
Demonstrate your stylistic awareness of key musical features associated with the chosen style and critical listening skills as part of an ensemble performance.
Describe how theory concepts have been used in composition
Describe the aesthetic vision of your performance
Develop an appropriate processing toolkit
Devise a performance concept
Devise and employ appropriate recording strategies
Devise contemporary electroacoustic compositions using a combination of practice as research and established sonic theories.
Discuss the globalisation and diversity of events
Effectively take direction from an MD and communicate with them to gain clarification on any points in the rehearsal process.
Employ a range of advanced software tools and techniques as necessary to the development of your contemporary electroacoustic composition.
Employ a range of advanced software tools and techniques to create contemporary electroacoustic compositions.
Employ appropriate recording strategies
Employ genrespecific audio editing and mix techniques.
Employ safe posture and technique
Employ stylistically appropriate sounds and techniques
Employ suitable and accurate audio editing to facilitate ADR recording
Evaluate and critically analyse current developments in global communication practice.
Evaluate established and emerging technologies, approaches and practices within the immersive audio realm.
Evaluate key methodologies utilised within the mix process, with links to contemporary practitioners and reference material.
Evaluate production methodologies.
Evaluate suitable approaches to enable the delivery of artefacts that will comply to Industry standards and meet the specifications of the client i.e. technical brief and desired aesthetic.
Evaluate the process and make suggestions for the future
Evaluate the relative success of the process you have implemented
Evaluate the result and suggest appropriate post recording editing adjustments.
Evaluate the technical parameters of a brief
Evaluate their success in creating a clear and coherent blend of multimedia around a single topic
Evidence a thorough understanding of how celebrity is marketed
Evidence research on relevant/current practitioners and areas of future development
Examine marketing and communications in the music industry
Execute a performance that demonstrates appropriate stylistic knowledge according to the genre/piece in terms of sound, approach and vocabulary.
Experiment with a range of influences and techniques to develop your personal song writing practice
Explain fundamental concepts related to the digital and analogue audio domain:
Explore and develop appropriate responses to visual cue
Formulate original compositional ideas in relation to research, briefs and/or other nonmusical stimuli
Identify a niche market currently not being catered for by media channels
Identify and analyse key principles & theories in music marketing and promotions
Identify and apply appropriate techniques and principles utilised within postproduction.
Identify and appraise the necessary skills to be a successful practitioner within the music industry
Identify areas for personal vocal development in a creative context
Identify core academic theories and reading
Identify relevant sonic theories and key compositional strategies and analyse own work in relation to these within the diary.
Identify the vocal limitations and habits that block you as a performer
Implement a physical competency across the various techniques at an advanced level
Implement a vocal competency across the various techniques at an advanced level
Implement correct terminology to communicate technical information accurately
Implement the terminology associated with this field.
Inhabit performance techniques proficiently and with assurance.
Interpret and individualise parts appropriately
Interpret musical scored notation in both rehearsal and live performance contexts
Interpret narrative context
Justify your choices with relation to achieving a desired aesthetic and the medium of distribution
Keep a diary of sounds that outlines the development of your sound design processes and compositional strategies employed in the development of the final composition.
Make use of appropriate technical and musical terminology and references to communicate information effectively and invite external feedback to critically evaluate your own work
Manage a recording session.
Management contracts
Marketing
Mechanical and performance royalty collection
Music copyright
Music publishing contracts
Operate recording equipment to capture audio & midi e.g. operate a DAW.
Perform authentically in a range of specialist genres, demonstrating interpretive and communicative skills.
Perform effectively in an ensemble demonstrating presentation and communication skills.
Perform the exercises with appropriate tone and timing
Perform the specified exercises accurately
Perform varied stylistic material in an ensemble, whilst reading notation and following the direction of an MD
Perform with an awareness of the visual and entertainment aesthetic.
Perform with authority one selected piece of music, honouring the style of the genre chosen
Perform with communication and performance skills as an ensemble
Perform with stylistic accuracy and authenticity
Plan a website or online channel suitable for a defined and profiled audience
Plan, manage and construct a method for a selfcontained audio capturing project.
Play expressively and communicate convincingly as part of an ensemble
Practice PR concepts in developing a strategy
Present a clear topic and structure to the feature that is engaging to the listener.
Present clearly with wellprepared material within time limits
Produce a clear narrative aesthetic through the manipulation of audio and visual material.
Produce work which documents and highlights chosen contemporary practitioners,
Production
Professional practices for live events.
Provide clear information relating to acoustic theory
Public relations
Recognise and acknowledge the visual cues within a chosen clip
Refer to relevant external sources
Reference sources where necessary/appropriate
Reflect appropriately on the work
Reflect appropriately on the work
Reflect critically on the strengths and weaknesses of the source material, propose strategies to address issues and evaluate their effectiveness.
Reflect on the impact and importance of social, political and cultural change on film
Reflect on your compositional and lyric writing techniques
Reflect upon and justify decisions made whilst working in reallife live sound scenarios
Reflect, demonstrating insight, on their process and areas for further focus
Relate the suggested remedial process to those implemented by established industry practitioners
Research a variety of contemporary production tools, techniques or processes
Research and analyse the key creative and technical methodologies employed within commercial references and apply them to your own production in relation to an intended aesthetic outcome.
Research and evaluate previous PR campaign examples
Research relevant practitioners and evaluate areas of future development and market opportunities.
Research the effective use of microphone choice and placement for on location recording.
Select and demonstrate the application of dynamic processes to realise an agreed aesthetic
Select and demonstrate the manipulation of equalisation and sound manipulation techniques to realise an agreed aesthetic
Select appropriate recording technologies
Show accurate knowledge of the components of sound
Social networking.
Successfully contextualise their ideas with prior work from other composers and developers.
Suggest possible alternative processes to achieve a successful outcome with relation to the desired aesthetic
Use accurate terminology linked to theory when describing music production processes.
Use peer feedback to plan engaging content for niche audiences
Use practice time effectively to prepare your part accurately for ensemble rehearsal and performance
Use reciprocal approaches to create a twoway conversation with their audience
Use systematic critical analysis to support a thorough investigation into examples of celebrity
Use techniques appropriately and with good posture and sound technique
Use theoretical perspectives on audience participation to strategise engagement
Utilise appropriate mic techniques, audio editing and visual cues to facilitate effective ADR recording.
Utilise print and digital media to assist with creative planning
Utilise selfreflective practice to appraise current skills and knowledge, identifying areas for development
Visualise, explain & justify audio signal routings including technical specifications e.g. sample rates, phase considerations, microphone types.
Visualise, explain & justify microphone and performer positions.
Write industryappropriate reports on celebrity culture
Ability to create a mix that translates well across different mediums (speakers, headphones, laptops etc.)
Accurately identify and contextualize theoretical aspects of contemporary rock and popular music including Melody, Harmony and Rhythm
Acknowledge the importance of crowd behaviour on event safety
Adapt to a variety of demands dependent on the context of the script and style
Address the most important areas for development in your final Personal and Professional Development Plan by creating a set of realistic goals and related actions
Adopt appropriate presentational, expressionistic and artistic skills
Align the values and aesthetics of a niche audience or subject with their project’s content
Align the values and aesthetics of a target audience to their project’s content
Allocate parts to one or more instruments appropriate to the stylistic conventions of the musical genre(s)
Analyse a key artistic or industryrelated development using cultural theory to articulate its influence on practice
Analyse an authentic issue to be addressed for a contemporary company in the music industries.
Analyse and communicate the key structural, technical and stylistic components of a genre specific digital composition.:
Analyse and utilise appropriate event planning tools, including a Production Schedule
Analyse appropriate theoretical concepts in the field of music psychology to create an informed and valid argument.
Analyse aspects of your performance in relation to technique and/or theory.
Analyse core constructs
Analyse crowd psychology theories and relate to a case study
Analyse current industry best practice for staging live events.
Analyse data to help inform an effective social media and digital marketing strategy
Analyse data to inform decision making
Analyse different theoretical concepts employed in existing musical works in written forms through study of notation, chord charts, lead sheets, transcriptions and graphic scores.
Analyse different theoretical concepts employed in existing musical works through aural analysis and critical listening
Analyse emerging global industry practice
Analyse film content and critically evaluate its success with reference to related examples
Analyse how audience experience has created the experience economy
Analyse how the organisation has responded operationally and evaluate it success in doing so. 
Analyse musical excerpts and label musical techniques according to accepted theoretical practice
Analyse the application of arrangement and performance skills
Analyse the creative results of your project with attention to stylistic considerations and music production practices
Analyse the dynamics of audience experience and the experience economy
Analyse the effectiveness of teamwork in the production process
Analyse the effectiveness of the response and/or negotiation process
Analyse the instrumentation and production techniques utilised in popular music.
Analyse the legal duties and responsibilities of key event personnel with regards to safety
Analyse the modal response and RT 60 of a room using appropriate calculations
Analyse the multiple forms of intellectual property rights surrounding the music industry relating to secondary exploitation
Analyse the musical and cultural influences underpinning the creative processes of lyric writing and song composition.
Analyse the project manager’s role in managing and leading a creative project from inception through to completion.
Analyse the relationships and structure of transnational music businesses, drawing on appropriate research and opinion.​
Analyse the requirements for producing an event in a specific venue or venue(s).
Analyse the research data for emerging themes.
Analyse the responsibilities and legal duties of key event personnel with regards to festival and site logistics
Analyse the specific needs of your chosen discipline including production, and the audience experience.
Analyse the suitability of financial management techniques and tools for a specific event
Analyse the target audience and venue choice
Analyse the tools and techniques employed to secure funding for a creative project.
Analyse their role and plan to for appropriate personnel deployment.
Analyse use of apps in a variety of contexts in media production and consumption, including GUI & UX.
Analyse written musical notation from a range of instruments, including simple scores.
Analyse your finances including income streams, costs, cash flow, breakeven, profit and loss.
Analyse your finished track demonstrating where different theoretical principles have been applied and developed.
Analyse your music in relation to theoretical concepts.
Analysis of and reflection upon the key methodologies within a chosen genre.
Answer questions about their work, considering the challenges they encountered, the areas to focus on physically for next semester, their engagement and work ethic.
Anticipate possible profit and loss, cash flow and breakeven points.
Application of effective subtractive and additive EQ to support the musical arrangement of the track.
Application of genrespecific effects and processing to help support the arrangement.
Apply a range of appropriate health and safety and licensing legislation to an event
Apply a range of appropriate health and safety legislation to an event
Apply a range of social media and digital communication strategies to a marketing campaign
Apply analytical tools and methods to evaluate impact and legacy
Apply analytical tools to event case studies
Apply and present stylistic concepts creatively
Apply appropriate legislation and documentation to the effective planning of an event
Apply appropriate legislation and prepare necessary documentation for a gig and/or tour.
Apply appropriate management tools in the development of an event risk assessment
Apply appropriate planning tools to the logistical scheduling of a tour, including transport, accommodation and equipment.
Apply appropriate presentation skills alongside an E portfolio of work
Apply appropriate stylistic knowledge in performance.
Apply appropriate terminology
Apply appropriate terminology during an Oral assessment
Apply aspects of visual and sonic brand identity within the performance
Apply branding theory and relate previous brand examples to your own campaigns
Apply calculations to a treatment plan, which is beneficial and purposeful
Apply core theories to modify your own online presence
Apply creative and interpretive skills in arranging music that incorporates improvisation.
Apply creative and interpretive skills in composition and arranging with autonomy.
Apply creative and interpretive skills in instrument performance appropriate to a style/genre.
Apply creative and interpretive skills to create and develop contrasting and cohesive textural ideas in composition and arranging.
Apply creative and interpretive skills to develop initial rhythmic patterns to create contrast and cohesion in composition and arranging.
Apply creative and interpretive skills to develop initial structural forms in composition and arranging.
Apply creative and interpretive skills to initial harmonic ideas to develop use functional or nonfunctional concepts in composition and arranging.
Apply current legislation and/or training in technical aspects of event production
Apply digital design skills to a brief using industry standard software
Apply economic theory to explain the evolution of a particular sector of the music industry
Apply fundamental principles and conventions of design to your work
Apply Harvard citation standards to a variety of sources and include a complete reference list
Apply key event design frameworks and theories to your findings.
Apply key sociological perspectives to the critical study of events
Apply key theoretical concepts appropriate for popular music composition
Apply live arrangement skills
Apply models of synthesis in the construction and design of musical components
Apply physical techniques in order to facilitate specific demands made by set parameters
Apply physical techniques in response to the specific demands of a script or score
Apply practical technical skills in the production of a multitrack master
Apply relevant legislation and health and safety procedures to a tour
Apply relevant legislation and procedures to ensure the safe planning and delivery of an event
Apply relevant logistics, planning, teamwork and technical production skills.
Apply relevant research in the development of bespoke technical solutions to creative problems
Apply researched recording techniques that complement the live instrumentation captured:
Apply specified arrangement techniques within a performance of creative covers
Apply stylistic and genre specific traits within an original piece of work.
Apply stylistic specific traits within an original piece of work.
Apply stylistically appropriate vocal skills and techniques to effectively demonstrate proficiency of the instrument.
Apply technique to create a piece of theatre suitable for an alternative space (LO1, LO2, LO3)
Apply techniques accurately in context
Apply the concept of cultural hegemony and hegemonic identities. 
Apply the principles of convolution and sound modelling for production and sound design
Apply the principles of teamwork in the production process of a video project
Apply the signature musical styles of your region in reworking / arranging a song of your choice.
Apply theoretical tools and concepts to your campaign
Apply vocal techniques in response to the specific demands of a script or score
Apply vocal techniques in response to the specific demands of a script or score
Appraisal of industry standards to inform decision making
Appraise and critically evaluate process and outcome
Appraise appropriate presentation processes for the target industry sector
Appraise current paradigms in releasing music
Appraise current trends in event sustainability
Appraise industry standard mix techniques and their effectiveness in creating an appropriate mix.
Appraise key principles, frameworks and practices of design and branding
Appraise music and musical IP
Appraise operations required to effectively run a business
Appraise relevant design theories and frameworks for a brand
Appraise sequencing, audio editing and mixing techniques in the production of desired musical outcomes
Appraise the impact and legacy of a selection of events
Appraise the impact of the genre and evaluate its impact on wider society
Appraise the impact of the production values of the genre and evaluate its subsequent impact on contemporary popular music
Appraise the links between motivation and engagement with products and/or services
Appraise the requirement for further parameter control in the game
Appraise the roles and responsibilities of key personnel in concerts and/ or live events
Appraise the skills required for a variety of disciplines within Technical Production
Appraise their use of parameter control and implementation
Appraise their use of parameter implementation in game sound and music.
Appraise this piece of work as a whole in relation to your original intentions.
Appraise various gaming strategies in helping to engage audiences
Appraise your production process (e.g. your planning, timemanagement, collaboration with musicians, voice actors and asset gathering).
Appropriate gain staging
Appropriate gain staging and recording method
Articulate a critical awareness of how such effects may be applied within a production context
Articulate a detailed reflection of your personal process within the project, analysing the decisions you made within the context of performance
Articulate an engagement with spectral analysis for design and measurement
Articulate an expanded performance related vocabulary within the context of a project
Articulate an expanded physical vocabulary within the context of a performance project
Articulate an expanded vocabulary in relation to physicality
Articulate an expanded vocabulary in relation to physicality See Above
Articulate an expanded vocal vocabulary within the context of a project
Articulate how feedback and feed forward has informed your performance preparation
Articulate the purpose of the research as a question or as a statement.
Articulate their process and emerging vision of themselves as an artist. (LO3)
Articulate their process and vision of themselves as an artist in the course of a presentation and pitch. (LO3)
Articulate your production style and direction using appropriate terminology.
Articulate your skills and achievements via sector appropriate digital outputs, communicating your unique professional identity
As demonstrated through practical project and Oral assessment
As evidenced in your presentation
As evidenced through the performance techniques demonstrated in your presentation, and through Q&A which require you to execute specific tools and ideas in order to clarify your points.
As evidenced through the physical techniques demonstrated in your presentation, and through Q&A which require you to execute specific physical elements in order to clarify your points.
As evidenced through the vocal techniques demonstrated in your presentation, and through Q&A which require you to execute specific vocal qualities in order to clarify your points.
As evidenced through your presentation
Assess a range of compositional and production techniques in the creation of new repertoire
Assess and categorise associated risks based on the event type, location and audience profile
Assess and evaluate legal and/or ethical disputes or challenges
Assess and interpret concepts of music psychology in relation to a relevant field of professional interest.
Assess and interpret concepts of music psychology in relation to proposed area of investigation via a review of the literature.
Assess creative decisions when responding to a professionallevel writing brief
Assess how issues of diversity have an impact on their practice in the creative industries.
Assess how record labels have adapted to cultural and technological trends
Assess how your designs fulfil the brand’s brief
Assess key creative and technical production processes employed within a project
Assess melodic and musical arrangement approaches appropriate for the effective setting of original lyrics
Assess reliable data for a contemporary company in the music industries.
Assess the future of an area of the music and/or events industry by drawing from appropriate research and data
Assess the impact of eventrelated activities, products and services.
Assess the success of peer feedback in your process
Assess the viability of the project in terms of finding a venue and running it as an event. (LO2)
Assess your shortterm and longterm career options and the skills and experience required
Assign roles and responsibilities to each team member, considering each person’s skills and attributes
attain high performance standards with limited preparation time in a variety of stylistic contexts
Audio Editing – Manipulation, Looping
Automation and bussing
Automation employed to help support the musical arrangement of the track.
Basic mixing and effects (panning, EQ, reverb and delay)
Briefly describe your musical and career aims as a performer
Broaden harmonic language and arrangement skills
Build appropriate references with links – images, video, mood board etc.
By watching films from the resources list and beyond and recording your own critical thoughts on them you will become an informed observer able to break down the elements of a piece of work and consider its relative merits.
Capture audio and video content using appropriate technology.
Capture well lit, steady focused visual content for their final creative video project
Carry out at least one aspect of your planned project activity and evidence this in your portfolio
Choose a specific music organisation and determine what economic factors affect their business
Choose and implement technologies, processes and techniques with creative and aesthetic intent
Choose and operate hardware and software to achieve correct gain structuring
Clarify how your project will build on/work within established frameworks of your chosen field
Classify events in terms of their impact and legacy
Clear professional and academic research
Clear professional and academic research to strengthen industry knowledge
Clearly evidence and reference research carried out.
Cleary and concisely communicate technical terminology to the recipient
Clefs and stave, note values
Collaboratively compose music to communicate your concept.
Collate and evaluate examples of research drawn from appropriate highlevel sources. 
Combine a variety of tools and techniques as covered within the module with those that you use in your current practice
Combine compositional and technological approaches in the production of score recordings that support the dramatic intention of a scene
Combine compositional techniques and creative arrangement skills to illustrate a concept through coherent and engaging onstage performance
Combine compositional, recording and production methods in the production of original audio to visual work
Comment on influences, skills, techniques, styles and genres that relate to your songwriting
Comment on teamwork and project management
Common chord sequences and cadences
Communicate and collaborate with performers to plan and execute a recording session
Communicate and evaluate complex concepts and arguments drawing on scholarship at the forefront of their discipline 
Communicate and Negotiate publishing deal terms clearly in a live scenario.
Communicate complex concepts and arguments arising from the globalisation debate, acknowledging the uncertainty of knowledge.​
Communicate complex concepts and arguments, acknowledging the uncertainty of knowledge.​
Communicate effectively with fellow band members and the audience in a manner appropriate to the genre.
Communicate effectively with fellow industry professionals.
Communicate how your chosen critical perspective/lens helps you to explain, understand, or alter your position on your chosen subject area
Communicate nuanced concepts, theories and debates relating to youth, culture and social change.
Communicate using professional music terminology when working with industry practitioners
Communicate your findings in a coherent piece of writing
Communicate your ideas and opinions using the correct, appropriate terminology and listening skills
Communicate your identity on your instrument through a cohesive performance
Communicate your professional identity/personal brand throughout your portfolio, demonstrating a considered approach which reflects your values, industry expectations and branding concepts/practices.
Compare and analyse the structure and key components of different kinds of record labels
Compare and appraise ethical legal and/or ethical issues in the use and ownership of music
Compare and contrast contemporary themes in the relationship between fashion and music with pertinent and resonant examples/models from the past.
Compare and contrast current research and discourse on social media and apply these to a campaign
Compare defining philosophical and cultural elements of your chosen genres
Compare the societal landscape before and after events formed
Compare the technical and creative processes of lyric writing through the incorporation of original lyrics in song arrangements
Competently demonstrate the practical skills to record, mix and produce a digital composition, employing strategic planning and key technical parameters:
Compile a portfolio evaluating the planning, communication and management techniques your group has utilised
Complete a Business Model Canvas
Complete detailed research on your chosen discipline, and outline industry standards.
Complete recording(s) to an appropriate standard using a DAW of choice
Compose a reflective report demonstrating critically reflection on your role within the life cycle of the event.
Compose and arrange a repertoire of music in response to a brief.
Compose and arrange original material
Compose and produce a coherent piece that stretches your abilities and develops your unique production signature
Compose and record songs/music using specifically chosen theoretical concepts
Compose and/or arrange music creatively to incorporate improvisation.
Compose and/or interpret instrument parts in a stylistic context.
Compose elements that are appropriate to the style
Compose music and prepare a chord chart that features the following theoretical concepts and components:
Compose new works using defining elements of style in new genres
Compose/arrange/interpret music that presents your musical signature
Conceive and plan lessons which are appropriate for a specified group of learners, demonstrating engagement with core pedagogical elements including differentiation
Conceive and plan one to one / individual tutorial lessons which are suitable for a specified learner, demonstrating engagement with core pedagogical elements
Conceive, manage and present a showcase performance, addressing technical and aesthetic considerations.
Conduct primary research into the marketplace and your competitors
Connect the cultural to the political to the economic in terms of Impact and Legacy
Consider applicable crowd management strategies in the planning of an event
Consider artists such as Nipsey Hussle, Jay z, Master P and identify and analyse how their practice has led to their success in their ventures
Consider both microphone techniques and processing within a recording session
Consider how economic theory can offer solutions to current challenges faced by the music industry
Consider how record labels have changed their strategies and business models in order to adapt to these trends
Consider how these trends could impact the success of your proposed event
Consider how your reflection on these aspects might shape your writing.
Consider how your research and reflection on influences, skills, techniques, styles and genres might inform your work on assessment 2.
Consider potential findings and directions for study based on current knowledge. Define an area of music psychology to explore, making use of music psychology principles in an area relevant to personal interest or field of study.
Consider the economic impact of this event on the wider community
Consider the impact of festivals on stakeholders and the community
Consider the implementation of musical and cultural ideas, and different compositional techniques
Consider the implications of new technologies for various recorded formats and/or streamed audio
Consider the placement of equipment and the recording environment on the sonic outcome
Consider the qualities of sound relating to a physical space
Consider the wider cultural/societal issues & locational factors that influence the sound of Dance Music genres and how this is interpreted by the listener
Consider the wider cultural/societal issues that is referenced in the lyrics and judge its relation to the interpretation of the song
Consider what motivates and inspires you to do your best work in your first audio report submission, ‘My Connection to the Creative Arts’
Consider your chosen career path and the ability to differentiate between the institutions that exist and the ones that are relevant to a chosen career path.
consolidate students’ musicianship skills by combining recognition of the expectations of the professional recording studio environment with technical accomplishment, musical knowledge and awareness of the technology.
Consolidate your reflective work and research into career routes in your final Personal and Professional Development Plan, creating a set of measurable and achievable actions that will set you on the path to success.
Construct a cohesive set with a defined aesthetic
Construct a fully functional prototype product that combines inputs from multiple disciplines e.g. sample library, recording project, live performance etc
Construct a logical and coherent essay, following standard academic conventions
Construct an argument relating the theoretical concepts of agency and originality to a stylistic or industrybased development
Construct an audio and/ or visual digital media product that combines techniques and approaches across a range of subjects.
Construct an evidencebased argument in written form
Construct communications centred around gamification
Construct realistic goals
Constructively critique the professionalism and presentation of your work
Contextualise and critically evaluate a digital composition utilising intellectual skills to make wellreasoned judgments based on research, incorporating terminology and references:
contextualise the relevance of pivotal artists lyrical content and or production value, then assess the level of impact on the wider culture.
Contextualise the relevance of pivotal artists/producers and assess the level of impact of their sound on wider popular music culture.
Contrast and compare creative audio technology and visual elements pertinent to an original musical performance or sonic installation
Contribute to aesthetic and practical decisions in mastering a recording
Contribute to the engineering decisions during a recording session
Correct setup and monitoring
Correctly identify and evaluate key terms in music publishing contracts
Correctly identify and index your work
Correctly identify mechanical and performance royalty collection societies and evaluate their roles
Create a coherent live set combining traditional arrangements and stage presentation with modern musical examples influenced by your chosen international musical style.
Create a creative community map, identifying opportunities within TheWrd and the local community that relate to your career development goals
Create a detailed, correctly referenced and structured argument based on reading and research
Create a meaningful and realistic Site Plan
Create a mission statement, demonstrating consideration of ethical, environmental, political and/or community constraints.
Create a multitracked recording using appropriate arranging and production techniques
Create a music production project that is informed by the research of key creative strategies and technological processes of a significant genre in the history of recorded sound.
Create a new product or service or develop an existing one
Create a piece of work through a digital format applying core skills with imagination and creativity. (LO1)
Create an accurate chart demonstrating your application of standard musical notation and critical listening awareness. (This may be handwritten or computer generated)
Create an engaging suite of communications using a variety of media and channels to reach a variety of recipients.
Create and audience profile using demographics and psychographics
Create and communicate effective song narrative through the use of specific advanced lyric writing techniques
Create and compile digital artefacts which add content and context to the work based learning report.
Create and interpret parts appropriately in the specified core popular music style
Create and rationalise lighting and rigging plots, stage plans and channel lists, and an event schedule.
Create and/or collaborate on a community, cultural or sports event.
Create appropriate budgetary documentation and rationalise costings.
Create compositions and arrangements using relevant stylistic and/or technical concepts
Create discipline appropriate event plans adhering to industry protocols
Create industry standard multimedia content that responds to the needs of an intended event or artist, and its audience
Create industryappropriate digital content in a variety of styles – written copy and broadcast for a regional or transnational audience.
Create media content that analyses historical and contemporary issues in music and diversity.
Create new compositions or adapt / arrange existing compositions to showcase specified techniques
Create original and imaginative work and justify the writing methodologies used in this musical setting
Create original compositions using appropriate musical resources to successfully meet the brief of a song writing commission
Create original compositions, with accompanying lyric and lead sheets, in response to different briefs
Create original work and justify the writing and recording methodologies used
Create recordings using industry standard technology and production techniques
Create scores that work sympathetically to the media’s dramatic arch and emotional intention.
Create the project they defined in their initial creative video project proposal.
Create your own version of a song which demonstrates a consistent approach to production that you have researched.
Create, write, edit and deliver an industrystandard presentation exploring the relationship between mobile technology and music, for artists, the music industry and listeners.
Critically analyse a brand using theory and research
Critically analyse a range of design styles and practices
Critically analyse appropriate branding aspects relevant to personal career paths
Critically analyse contemporary and historical discourses
Critically analyse gender and/or sexuality representations in the creative industries
Critically analyse issues of diversity in the contemporary creative industries.
Critically analyse issues, opportunities and tensions arising from globalisation of the music industries
Critically analyse representations of gender and/or sexuality
Critically analyse the roles and responsibilities of the recording musician using reflective practice
Critically analyse your performance in regards to technology, delivery and technical prowess in accordance with industry standards
Critically analyse your scores and those of others through the revision of works in progress
Critically appraise their process and outcome
Critically assess the creative and technical application of convolution in sound production
Critically assess the impact of orthodox dance music business practice on developments in conventional popular music business operations
Critically comment on the success of the final piece and performance, highlighting areas for future development.
Critically comment on your performance through the exercises, both practical and with regards to terminology to highlight areas for future development
Critically engage with social, economic, cultural and political theory in planning, applying and reflecting on your campaign
Critically engage with the process of giving, receiving and responding to feedback on planning and delivery
Critically evaluate a range of perspectives on current and future trends and influences in the music and/or events industry
Critically evaluate current industry developments and responses
Critically evaluate current protocols and practices in releasing and marketing music
Critically evaluate ongoing trends and developments, whether aesthetic, sociocultural, commercial or political, in the relationship between fashion and music, reaching insightful, articulate and predicative conclusions.
Critically evaluate own performance through the use of external feedback
Critically evaluate realworld examples of technical event production
Critically evaluate the creative process with reference to relevant scholarly research and industry practices
Critically evaluate the development of your writing and performance commenting on your role within the ensemble
Critically evaluate the effectiveness of video and audio production techniques utilised with respect to industry professional standards
Critically evaluate the effectiveness of video production techniques utilised with respect to industry professional standards
Critically evaluate the impact of the changes
Critically evaluate the processes and resultant outcomes within your library
Critically evaluate the production and performance process in accordance with industry standards relating to equipment use and performance
Critically evaluate the success of your performance and individual contribution against your intended goals.
Critically evaluate theoretical approaches to multimedia production projects and reflect upon the success of your own work in this context
Critically evaluate theoretical approaches to video production projects and reflect upon the success of your own work in this context
Critically evaluate your digital designs
Critically evaluate your planning and delivery in a group, identifying areas for future development
Critically evaluate your readiness for a career in the creative industries, identifying future development opportunities
Critically examine the outcome of negotiations and/or challenges to claims and rights
Critically justify choices made during the development of your performance
Critically own process and outcome
Critically reflect on feedback from peers and tutors received during the development process
Critically reflect on how your methods of working within your creative ensemble
Critically reflect on key industry trends and developments in experience by developing a specific business idea in the music or event industry
Critically reflect on strategies by offering suggestions for improvement or recommendations
Critically reflect on the development process of your performance, from initiation to delivery.
Critically reflect on the implications of issues of diversity for future work in the creative industries.
Critically reflect on the key creative and technical production processes employed within a postproduction project and the impact on the outcome.
Critically reflect on the success of your creative work using appropriate established theories and compositional models.
Critically Reflect on the teamwork and management/organisational skills
Critically reflect on the usability of your website or channel using theories of web navigation
Critically reflect on the use of appropriate crowd management tools and strategies, including crowd dynamics
Critically reflect on your artistic development and consider your path for career development across the Songwriting course (Synoptic LO across BA2)
Critically reflect on your design development process and technique
Critically reflect on your own skill set and preparedness for your chosen path
Critically reflect on your personal learning journey, applying theories and concepts of personal and professional development
Critically reflect on your role within the life cycle of the event.
Critically reflect upon and evaluate ongoing trends and developments in the relationship between fashion and music.
Critically reflect upon the modules available on their course and identify and appraise the relevance to their chosen career path.
Critique a range of resources and perspectives and relate these to your argument
Critique their approach and results of their sound design
Debate a wide range of work developed and encountered during the module
Debate the appropriateness of the various sources of income available to fund a creative project.
Define a target market using audience segmentation
Define an area of music psychology to explore, making use of music psychology principles in an area relevant to personal interest or field of study.
Define Impact and Legacy from a socioeconomic perspective
Define markets for different music platforms, and identify digital content creation styles needed to relate ideas and features
Deliver a balanced, detailed and wellinformed analytical case study.
Deliver a lesson to a specified group of learners, demonstrating engagement with core pedagogical elements including differentiation
Deliver a mix that exhibits the characteristics of the chosen reference in terms of level and frequency balance and spatial imaging.
Deliver a mix that is original, where creativity is boundaried by the norms of the chosen reference.
Deliver a one to one / individual tutorial lesson to a specified learner, demonstrating engagement with core pedagogical elements
Deliver a reflective statement in PDF format with no more than 10 annotated screenshots.
Deliver a studio quality multitrack recording in collaboration with an artist demonstrating your use of industry practices
Deliver an early mix for comparison, correctly labelled.
Deliver an ensemble performance of creative covers
Deliver an unmastered mix that is a stereo interleaved WAV file, 44.1kHz sample rate, 24 bit resolution, with levels never exceeding 3dBfs (peak).
Deliver audio/project files that adhere to industry standards, file types, bit depth and sample rate
Deliver multi track recordings of live instrumentation that conforms to industry standard protocols:
Deliver multitrack masters that demonstrate the attributes of techniques explored in class.
Deliver this lesson to a specified group of learners (suggested minimum 4) in a safe, supportive and inclusive environment, responding to student needs and stimulating learning
Demonstate an ability to problem solve and make choices based upon the situation presented (e.g. genre specific features)
Demonstrate a clear level of selfreflection to justify the areas of development needed to make progress on chosen path
Demonstrate a clear prosodic knowledge of techniques and strategies that can be used to weave narrative into every element of a piece of songwriting.
Demonstrate a critical approach to problemsolving health & safety issues at a live event
Demonstrate a physical competency across the various techniques at an intermediate level
Demonstrate a physical competency across the various techniques at an intermediate level.
Demonstrate a range of industry standard hardware and software studio tools and illustrate their application in your recordings with appropriate terminology and references
Demonstrate a vocal competency across the various techniques at an intermediate level.
Demonstrate ability in working to briefs through the successful delivery of an audio/visual project
Demonstrate ability to problem solve and make choices based upon the situation presented (e.g. genre specific features)
Demonstrate ability to reflect knowledge of media consumption, communication theory and UX in app design.
Demonstrate ability to work with, and communicate effectively with an artist/band in order to achieve the best possible result onstage and for front of house
Demonstrate ability to work with, and communicate effectively with peers in order to achieve the best possible result
Demonstrate ability to work with, and communicate effectively with performers in order to achieve the best possible result
Demonstrate academic rigour by presenting fully referenced work accompanied by a bibliography, which makes appropriate use of literature and scholarly activity in the field.
Demonstrate advanced composition techniques
Demonstrate an ability to communicate story and character employing physical means of expression
Demonstrate an ability to perform skilfully and in service to the specific demands and challenges of a production
Demonstrate an advanced level of versatility in writing style and genre, based upon interpretation of a given writing brief.
Demonstrate an artistic voice within the creative interpretation of realworld songwriting briefs
Demonstrate an awareness of the history of film, its themes, genres and auteurs
Demonstrate an emergent ability to reconceptualise material by formulating a position based on your evaluation
Demonstrate an ongoing and reflective timelinebased creative practice informed by artistic goals.
Demonstrate an understanding of music copyright
Demonstrate appropriate composition and arrangement skills
Demonstrate awareness of established principles and practices of media consumption
Demonstrate awareness of key legal, ethical, financial and budgeting issues facing participants in The Portfolio Career
Demonstrate awareness of various markets
Demonstrate chart preparation for other musicians and transcription skills.
Demonstrate competent use of music production hardware and software to produce a digital composition at an appropriate creative and technical level.
Demonstrate conducting, leadership and communication skills in the role of the MD yourself.
Demonstrate consideration for local authority concerns and priorities
Demonstrate consideration for the conventions of style of video that they aim to create.
Demonstrate convincingly how your choices are supporting the brief’s demands.
Demonstrate effective communication skills and selfreflection with ensemble members and a professional Musical Director
Demonstrate effective communication skills with ensemble members and a professional Musical Director
Demonstrate effective rehearsal strategies, onstage communication, technical control and critical listening skills in your ensemble performance.
Demonstrate effective research and understanding of current management and industry practice.
Demonstrate effective skills of communication, rhetoric and argument.
Demonstrate effective technique
Demonstrate effective technique, presentation and communication skills in a performance
Demonstrate effective visual performance skills which, compliment, and enhance the vocal performance in the context of a musical theatre production
Demonstrate evidence of applied technical skills in an ensemble performance
Demonstrate fundamental performance technique
Demonstrate fundamental physical techniques
Demonstrate fundamental vocal technique
Demonstrate heightened communicative skills in performance and presentation
Demonstrate how current theory and contemporary research in your chosen field has informed your project
Demonstrate how to identify and assess a singers’ progress, whilst evaluating the strengths and weaknesses of your own teaching practice
Demonstrate improvisation and communicative skills in an ensemble performance.
Demonstrate individual performance and interpretive skills
Demonstrate insight in to the areas they need to work further on
Demonstrate key event management skills and expertise
Demonstrate key listening and communication skills when critically analysing recordings
Demonstrate knowledge and competence in music psychology principles by presenting an appropriate area for investigation accompanied by an effective rationale.
Demonstrate knowledge and critical understanding of the opportunities and tensions arising from global business practices
Demonstrate knowledge and understanding of the current development within the cornerstone genres, these can be cultural, political or technological
Demonstrate knowledge and understanding of the current development within the genre, these can be cultural, political or technological
Demonstrate knowledge of different forms of story telling (Evidenced through the choices and styles and choices made in performance + the Q&A)
Demonstrate knowledge of the core rights that surround intellectual property (specifically music)
Demonstrate knowledge of the difference between assignment and license of copyright
Demonstrate knowledge of the key aspects of Video Games
Demonstrate knowledge of the specific job roles on set and the terminology use
Demonstrate knowledge of the underlying principles of sound propagation
Demonstrate knowledge of theory concepts used in an instrumental composition
Demonstrate live performance skills
Demonstrate lucidity and concision in critical or creative writing.
Demonstrate methodologies and processes that you have created through the merging and assimilation of existing processes.
Demonstrate original approaches to arrangement through working towards a conceptual professional project
Demonstrate research into your costings
Demonstrate rhythmic, melodic and/or harmonic notation in your notated chart.
Demonstrate robust planning of a live music event
Demonstrate some creative interpretation of parts on your complementary instrument
Demonstrate songwriting and arrangement techniques in a specific style/genre through original composition
Demonstrate specifically how this work based learning has increased employability and provided a deeper understanding of the realities of professional practice and the skills required to successfully achieve career goals.
Demonstrate technical ability of your complimentary instrumental skill by performing an original piece of music of your own and an additional piece from the repertoire negotiated with the tutor.
Demonstrate technical ability on an instrument that compliments your current discipline
Demonstrate technical competence to complete a soundcheck with an artist/band in a safe and efficient manner
Demonstrate technical expertise and skill in using suitable design software
Demonstrate technical performance skills with consideration to tuning, fluency, articulation, style, vocabulary and groove.
Demonstrate technical proficiency and creativity in a recording studio environment
Demonstrate technical proficiency and sophisticated expression on your instrument
Demonstrate technical proficiency on your instrument in contexts featuring some complexity.
Demonstrate technical proficiency on your instrument in contexts with complexity
Demonstrate technical skills in music technology within a DAW
Demonstrate the ability to communicate story and character employing physical means of expression
Demonstrate the ability to perform as versatile, embodied story tellers (Evidenced through performance)
Demonstrate the application of a specified range of instrument techniques.
Demonstrate the key creative techniques and musical characteristics associated with core popular musical styles.
Demonstrate the key production processes and trademarks, essentially emulating the styles of the chosen practitioner and approaches within them.
Demonstrate the principles of marketing in developing a campaign concept and strategy
Demonstrate the product’s functionality
Demonstrate the suitability of a given communication channel/method to its goal. 
Demonstrate their knowledge and understanding of the music industry institutions
Demonstrate understanding of a variety of digital communication methods through practical application
Demonstrate understanding of the consumption habits and preferences of their target audience.
Demonstrate understanding of the discursive formation of personal, artistic and group identities
Demonstrate understanding of theoretical approaches to creative video production and identify and appraise their impact on their final project.
Demonstrate vocal competency across the various techniques at an intermediate level
Demonstrate your ability to effectively perform in an ensemble setting whilst reading notation
Demonstrating effective onstage and audience communication
Demonstration of audio processing techniques within a DAW.
Deploy and evaluate software resources in the analysis and emulation of sonic environments
Deploy effective written academic communication skills (not applicable to Creative Work option)
Deploy effective written academic communication skills.
Deploy the totality of their research to predict likely short and longterm future trends, developments and evolutions in the relationship between fashion and music.
Deploy tools and techniques following industry standard protocols to create a unique and creative product.
Describe and apply financial management tools and techniques
Describe and evaluate contemporary best practice in logistical planning and site management tools
Describe and explain some features of your performance using appropriate technical or theoretical terms.
Describe and select appropriate mastering techniques for the distribution of various formats
Describe how you developed your concept and compositions
Describe roles, responsibilities of key music industry organisations, businesses and professionals  
Describe the elements of stagecraft that relate to your identity as a performer
Describe the music technology concepts using accurate and appropriate terminology, and identify them in the submitted composition/s.
Describe the music theory concepts using accurate and appropriate terminology, and identify them in the submitted composition/s.
Describe the process of adapting your work for the stage and any challenges encountered in the process
Describe the sector of operation, roles, responsibilities and typical business model of each 
Describe your approach and justify your choices
Design a comprehensive event activity plan.
Design a creative marketing campaign using a variety of social media and digital communication channels over time
Design a personal and professional development action plan, highlighting key <insert Institute here> resources that will help you to achieve your goals.
Design a plan to collaborate and integrate advanced music technology hardware and software into a live performance approaching a professional level.
Design a portfolio of digital art for a brand
Design a set with an appropriate performance arc
Design an effective artist development strategy drawing on theory, professional and scholarly opinion
Design and appraise a PR plan for an artist or music event
Design and complete a plan demonstrating an ability to create a comprehensive event activity plan.
Design and critique interactive game sound artefacts.
Design methods of collaborative working, evidencing engagement with new tech tools
Design, test and develop methods of work supported by established professional practices, to inform and enhance your project
Determine how your newly developed instrumental skills enhance your versatility as a musician
Determine stylistic elements in popular music recordings and key developments in popular music genres
Develop a portfolio of contrasting and original creative work written from a variety of commercial perspectives
Develop a portfolio of contrasting, original recordings in response to a range of written briefs.
Develop a range of melodic and harmonic ideas to underpin the meaning and narrative of original lyrics
Develop a recording's aesthetic quality and apply the required technical approach for a suitable audio production
Develop an original event concept and corresponding design strategy of your own
Develop and apply a clear artistic ‘voice’ within a commercial writing context.
Develop and implement musical ideas using different compositional techniques.
Develop and practise a range of techniques based on established principles and practices of media consumption
Develop clear and considered plans for development of the artist
Develop communication skills appropriate to the creation of a PR proposal
Develop creative ideas from a storyboard or project plan in the construction of a video project
develop effective creative performance attributes within a professional studio environment
Develop musical and technical strategies related to the appropriate styles of film through scholarly research
Develop original melodic, rhythmic and harmonic ideas using a range of techniques
Develop original part/s that employ specified techniques
Develop sustainable plans as part of the event management cycle.
Develop work to a professional standard observing any relevant technical criteria.
Devise a contrasting, creative and commercially relevant highlevel songwriting portfolio
Devise a fundraising strategy for the appropriate option(s)
Devise a marketing strategy for an event
Devise a performance that communicates your identity
Devise a piece of work that includes a range of techniques and devices as well as aesthetic considerations (LO1) (LO2) (LO3)
Devise an effective practice plan
Differentiate and rationalise the marketing and release strategies employed by small independent, large independent and major record labels
Differentiate between compositional, recorded and mechanical royalties  
Differentiate between independent and major businesses and UK organisations that have international counterparts  
Differentiate between sources based on format, quality, bias, and critical perspective.
Discriminate compositional and performance approaches intended to elicit emotional responses
Discriminate evaluate important contemporary issues in the disciplines of music publishing in reference to releasing music and playing live
Discriminate important contemporary issues in the disciplines of music publishing in reference to releasing music and playing live
Discuss current challenges for the sector in which your chosen organisation is working in
Discuss current personal skills/knowledge and identify areas for development across the songwriting course (Synoptic LO across BA1)
Discuss developments in the representation of celebrity culture
Discuss effective management strategies and communication between key live event roles
Discuss examples of event design that focus either on artist or experience concepts
Discuss how artists interaction with industry institutions differ from the usual approach within the music business.
Discuss the design of the event
Discuss the history of film, its genres and auteurs, with specific consideration of the relationship between film and music
Discuss the impact events have on communities
Discuss the implications of different mastering techniques
Discuss the importance and impact that music and musical IP can have on other forms of media.
Discuss the importance of crowd dynamics in crowd management
Discuss the importance of marketing and PR and its wider impact on the music/events industry
Discuss the terms of a standard license agreement & Communicate and negotiate the terms within.
Discuss their vocal anatomy, their discoveries on how they have been using their voice and vocal strategies they could utilise to address specific issues.
Discuss your approach to preparing the chart you will perform.
Discuss your rationale and approach to preparing the chart.
Discussion, reading, research and your work in bringing together this exploratory Presentation will help show a growing understanding of the relationship between film and its social, political and cultural contexts
Display awareness of the interdependence between popular culture and identity
Document the processes and ideas explored in the pieces.
Document the use of research to reach a desired aesthetic
Draw evidencebased conclusions and recommends.
Draw on appropriate theories of personal and professional development to explain and defend your personal and professional development plan
Draw on personal and professional values to critically evaluate your own work and justify creative decisions
Draw on previously learnt dance techniques to demonstrate the appropriate style to an intermediate/advanced level (LO1, LO2, LO3)
Dynamic procession – Compression, Limiting
Edit video and sync audio to create coherent AV packages appropriate to the chosen media platform.
Effective application of core mix techniques (appropriate level alterations, EQ, panning, reverb).
Effectively deploy hardware and software resources to capture, analyse and apply the properties of physical spaces
Effectively deploy written language in a creative, coherent and authoritative manner.
Effectively implement audio samples into a bespoke library within a software sampler
Employ a range of programming techniques
Employ academic resources to develop, support and communicate an argument
Employ and appraise creative strategies in the development of a cohesive multimedia project for a specified target market or niche
Employ and appraise creative strategies in the development of an eventsbased video production project
Employ appropriate established production analysis theories and tools to analyse and judge contemporary production works.
Employ appropriate research tools to produce a coherent and wellpresented submission that demonstrates a critical approach to creative professional practice 
Employ audio as well as visual technology suitable to translate your creative vision.
Employ established techniques of analysis in music theory
Employ planning and management strategies, alongside technical manipulation of equipment, which demonstrate ability to create a digital composition to a given brief.
Employ relevant performance and communicative skills for a showcase performance
Employ relevant performance and stagecraft skills
Employ songwriting and arranging techniques
Employ stylistically and technically appropriate instrumental/vocal vocabulary in performance
Employ stylistically appropriate instrumental/vocal vocabulary in performance.
Engage in a practical project
Engage with a recording/mastering engineer and demonstrate familiarity with the processes involved
Engage with contemporary sound designers process and workflow
Engage with existing online communities to help further your professional goals
Engage with existing social media networks to show you are able to interpret and address the needs and desires of your audience
Establish a performance plan for a set of original music
Evaluate a variety of funding options for a specific event
Evaluate an event in relation to its historical context
Evaluate and apply appropriate tools, frameworks and theories
Evaluate and apply regulations and ethical concerns around data protection
Evaluate and apply the technical aspects of live events in theory and practice.
Evaluate barriers to progress in developing and delivering event sustainability
Evaluate contemporary issues in event sustainability
Evaluate creative concepts and production methods that facilitate a clear narrative within audiovisual work
Evaluate event sustainability within a local and global frame of reference.
Evaluate how developments may hinder or progress gender and/or sexuality representations in the creative industries
Evaluate how successful each proposed strategy was at resolving an identified issue.
Evaluate how to effectively create an audience profile when planning for an event
Evaluate insurance cover requirements for a given event
Evaluate key academic frameworks in event management
Evaluate key areas of current operation in the global music industries
Evaluate management and communication structures for festivals
Evaluate on your artefact and the approaches taken
Evaluate qualitative sources in accordance with prescribed citation conventions
Evaluate relevant frameworks and theories of event concept and design
Evaluate relevant research in the context of the globalisation debate.
Evaluate responses to relevant discourse and offer new perspectives
Evaluate significant findings for a contemporary company in the music industries.
Evaluate specific events in relation to its socioeconomic impact and legacy
Evaluate the ‘success’ of an event and identify areas for improvement or development
Evaluate the artist's target audience.
Evaluate the concept of risk and how to identify it in the planning phase of an event
Evaluate the effectiveness of established practices implemented
Evaluate the effectiveness of production and creative choices made through the project.
Evaluate the effectiveness of your final artefact when compared to other contemporary works.
Evaluate the effectiveness of your practice
Evaluate the effectiveness of your practice and the application of your chosen discipline on the module by engaging in a 10minute discussion following the performance.
Evaluate the efficacy of your learning plan
Evaluate the global voice and cultural reflexivity.
Evaluate the impact and influences of key stakeholders and personnel in festival design
Evaluate the impact of ethical and legal concerns
Evaluate the impact of psychology on audience behaviour
Evaluate the impact of workbased learning on your professional development
Evaluate the importance of music and how licensors can strive to get a return on their investment in music.
Evaluate the interaction of culture and identity in specific contexts/situations 
Evaluate the management of a creative project from inception through to completion.
Evaluate the market by applying relevant tools and frameworks
Evaluate the opportunities provided by new technology in the recording and mastering of contemporary music.
Evaluate the planning, communication and management techniques utilised.
Evaluate the potential impact of financial trends and the economic climate on your event
Evaluate the purpose and use of contractual agreements and/or government legislation in the music industry
Evaluate the rationale and methodology behind the development of original compositions/ recordings
Evaluate the rationale and methodology behind the development of original lyrics
Evaluate the results of their composition and arrangement in the context of contemporary game music
Evaluate the roles and responsibilities of key personnel in the live events industry
Evaluate the sociocultural context of your event
Evaluate the stylistic practices and compositional approaches in the realisation of electronic music
Evaluate the success of your project and collaborative working methods
Evaluate the sustainability and potential legacy that events leave on the industry
Evaluate the use of basic song writing techniques regarding melody, harmony, lyrical content, style and structure in the development of original compositions
Evaluate the use of critical listening in an audiofocussed project.
Evaluate the use of critical listening skills, creativity and artistic mindsets in a media project.
Evaluate the usefulness of various options in the selection of appropriate recording technologies
Evaluate their ability to meet the requirements of video game music
Evaluate their success in creating a clear and coherent blend of video
Evaluate their use of compositional and arrangement techniques in video game music.
Evaluate theoretical concepts of creativity, identity and/or agency within the creative industries and artistic traditions
Evaluate your campaign strategy based on your market research and target audience
Evaluate your collaborative ways of working and communicating, your individual contribution to the group, and make suggestions for improvements
Evaluate your developmental approach in response to feedback.
Evaluate your planning and delivery, identifying areas for future development
Evaluate your process working with industry practitioners and highlight areas for future development
Evaluate your progress across the module
Evaluate, interpret and reflect on a selection of music briefs
Evidence an engagement with the process of peer/tutor feedback and selfreflection
Evidence appropriate stylistic knowledge in performance.
Evidence strong rehearsal and preparation skills through secure and confident presentation within a live performance environment.
Evidence strong research practice resulting in a clear and informed set of conclusions and recommendations
Evidenced in project and Oral assessment
Evidenced through Oral assessment
Evidenced through presentation
Evidenced through Project & Oral assessment
Evidenced through the project
Evidenced through the project & The Oral assessment
Examine an area in the history of recorded sound outlining connections between technological development, musical and cultural change.
Examine how business manage conflicting legal and/or ethical claims
Examine large events and their impact and legacy
Examine responses to current industry developments
Examine techniques used in commercially successful compositions and arrangements
Examine the application of budgeting and scheduling in the manage of a creative project from inception through to completion.
Examine the relationship between context and creative practice and/or an area of industry using cultural theory
Examine the various sources of income available to fund a creative project.
Execute an agreed achievable element of your collaborative project plan
Execute established industry practice to realise a studio quality multitrack session
Execute techniques competently
Execute the tasks commonly required of a studio musician within limited preparation time
Exhibit interpretive skills on a complementary instrument
Experiment with a range of different technologies focusing on those which best allow you to execute your creative vision in live performance scenario
Explain and communicate technical information, established technologies, and production processes within electronic music
Explain and justify your repertoire and arrangement choices
Explain how creative technologies have informed and enhanced your project
Explain how the technical elements are applied, and their relevance to the style
Explain how you have drawn on external references to develop ideas for your performance
Explain musical ideas and theoretical elements key to a new genre
Explain the decisions taken while developing and rehearsing the repertoire
Explain the intended message/emotional response
Explain the recording and mixing process, detailing the techniques used.
Explain the recording process detailing equipment used.
Explain the relationship between musical/lyrical characteristics and emotion
Explain the use of revenue streams such as ticket sales, grants and sponsorship.
Explain what solutions economic theory can offer for these challenges
Explore common harmonic devices to show how music functions and enhances the visual content
Explore cultural standpoints – western and nonwestern musical standpoints.
Explore formats and approaches in broadcasting (audio and visual formats).
Explore how culture and society are interlinked with the behaviours of the population
Explore how modes of persuasion are utilised to secure funding for a creative project.
Explore how shared cultural experiences can have a great socioeconomic and cultural impact and legacy
Explore how theories and constructs offer new sites for representation
Explore key academic gender and/or sexuality theories and constructs
Explore production and arranging techniques that are relevant to the given genre.
Explore the implications of their findings for their future practice, and on the implications of current issues in music and diversity both as a content creator and listener.
Explore the resources and opportunities available to you at <insert Institute here> and within the city, in your ‘Creative Communities’ map
Explore the way issues of diversity might impact on your own creative practice
Facilitate and contribute to a recording session using industry standard studio equipment and software
Finalise the development of your performance drawing on historical and contemporary research within music and creative technology as well as the feedback received
Follow established industry practices and procedures
For the music organisation you have chosen, identify how the sector they are working in has evolved using examples and statistics to highlight key trends
Formulate a position based on your evaluation
Formulate and interpret complex and contested ideas at the forefront of their discipline 
Formulate musical and sonic ideas through the use of programming
Frequency analysis and correction EQ
Gather and manipulate appropriate resources and audio artefacts to demonstrate the properties of the effect at a professional standard
Gather and sift a range of relevant research material and deploy this as supporting evidence for a focused, cogent academic investigation or argument concerning social movements and rebellions.
Gather evidence and justify your position on all of the above factors
Generate a range of established communication theories and practices to suit contrasting contexts and clearly communicate a given message. 
Generate creative ideas to support, raise awareness or raise funds for your chosen cause
Generate original imagery and narrative form in lyric writing.
Generate original melodies, hooks and lyrics.
Generate resources that are relevant and wellpresented, that will support learning and teaching in the lesson and independent learning outside the lesson
Generate resources that are relevant and wellpresented, that will support learning and teaching in the lesson and independent learning outside the lesson for all learners.
Give accurate and developmental feedback to demonstrate your understanding of the voice and how to best help your student achieve their technical goals with efficiency and ease.
Give examples of how creativity can be used to achieve an audiofocussed project.
Help set up a recording session using appropriate equipment and/or software
Highlight challenges and their solutions
Highlight your significant achievements and growth areas (personal and/or professional) reflecting on how you will apply what have learned from these positive experiences in a professional context
How are you planning to use advanced music technology hardware and software in a live performance?
How have you addressed audience expectations regarding genre and idiom?
Hypothesise and apply potential sustainability strategies using an appropriate management system.
Hypothesise how appropriate strategies and practical responses might make an event more sustainable
Identify & appraise genre specific business procedure and its significance in shaping in popular music commercial operations
Identify a charitable cause to support that aligns with your team’s values
Identify a current development in the industry and analyse how a selected music business has responded to the development to ensure profitability or effectiveness 
Identify a video based need for an event or artist
Identify and analyse the core concepts underpinning safe onsite festival operations
Identify and analyse the structure of the industry that supports the chosen genre and discuss the streams of income
Identify and analyse the structure of the industry that supports the genre and discuss their streams of income
Identify and apply sustainable practices to festival planning and management
Identify and appraise genre specific business practice
Identify and assess the sustainability impacts associated with events
Identify and categorise potential risks at an event
Identify and communicate where theory relates to practice in the analysis of a digital composition.
Identify and describe the key roles, responsibilities and attributes of the artist manager
Identify and engage with a range of highquality research resources in relation to your question
Identify and evaluate personnel and the roles they perform in the process.
Identify and evaluate the importance of audience motivation and profiling
Identify and evidence your skills, attributes and achievements through a range of different mediums
Identify and follow an independent line within a complex vocal harmony
Identify and justify future plans for improvement (LO3)
Identify and organise the key elements of a successful event and/or tour
Identify and organise the key elements of a successful live music event.
Identify and respond to the challenges you anticipate in implementing your development plan
Identify and utilise appropriate harmonic, rhythmic, textural and structural concepts in composition and arranging.
Identify areas for improvement.
Identify areas for personal development in performance within a creative context
Identify areas for personal physical development in a creative context
Identify areas for personal physical development in performance 
Identify areas of technique that you will develop to strengthen your musical identity
Identify audience motivation including why people attend events, their needs and expectations
Identify career routes that interest you in your ‘About Me’ digital presentation, drawing on industry resources explored in class
Identify compliance requirements and comply with these obligations.
Identify core dynamics of audience experience
Identify core operations required to manage your chosen business
Identify credible sources of secondary data.
Identify cultural and technological trends which have impacted the recorded music sector
Identify developments in the representation of creative entrepreneurship
Identify discourse around historical and current factors impacting on event design.
Identify further areas for personal development in performance within a creative context
Identify how micro and macroeconomic theories explain this evolution
Identify how PR and marketing are used within the music and events industries
Identify how small independent, large independent and major record labels differ in their structure and use examples to illustrate these
Identify how these organisations, businesses and professionals are interconnected and describe how revenue flows between them. 
Identify industry needs and expectations as a creative entrepreneur
Identify issues within a production (composition, arrangement, choice of sounds, recording quality, performance related issues…).
Identify key academic theories and constructs
Identify key historical developments which have shaped the events industry
Identify key income streams and revenue generation within the contemporary music industry
Identify key methods of digital communication suitable for different purposes 
Identify key music industry businesses organisations and professionals  
Identify key personnel in the live event business and the connecting relationships between them
Identify key social movements and rebellions.
Identify key techniques relating to media consumption
Identify opportunities for collaborative work
Identify personal strengths and weaknesses to address areas for development:
Identify potential career challenges and articulate your approach to overcoming these, reflecting on what you have learned during your journey as a TheWrd student
Identify potential career routes, engaging with <insert Institute here> and industry resources to inform your work
Identify potential complications, contingency and creative problem solving
Identify potential income streams and contingency allowances
Identify potential opportunities and risks, and how you will address/mitigate for these
Identify practical skills and tasks specific to the creative industries
Identify relevant event management tools and documentation.
Identify relevant needs and expectations for your chosen market
Identify relevant theories for their chosen topic
Identify specific areas for development
Identify strengths and weakness in your practice (LO3)
Identify strengths and weaknesses in the artist’s current practice
Identify team achievements and explain why you were successful.
Identify terminologies used in music briefs and how they can be interpreted to create bespoke playlists.
Identify the evaluate ethical practices and/or operations within business
Identify the external parameters which affect the event concept and design process.
Identify the idiosyncrasies of your playing style
identify the individual habits and modes of working that block you as a performer
Identify the influences of stylistic traits and influences in the creation of new musical works
Identify the influences of stylistic traits and reflect on practice and your own development.
Identify the micro and macroeconomic factors that influence the business of music organisations
Identify the needs of a specified group of learners (suggested minimum 4) and create Learning Outcomes that are relevant to these needs.
Identify the needs of a specified group of learners (suggested minimum 4) and create relevant Learning Outcomes for a module of 3 linked lessons that are relevant to these needs.
Identify the needs of a specified learner and create relevant Learning Outcomes for a module of 3 linked lessons that are relevant to these needs.
Identify the personal habits that block you as a performer
Identify the personnel required in the planning, promotion and production of a live event
Identify the physical limitations that block you as a performer
Identify the physical limitations that block you as a performer
Identify the roles, core responsibilities and actions of the artist manager within an artist development plan.
Identify the specific use of technical and stylistic applications through verbal presentation.
Identify the stakeholders in an event
Identify the stylistic traits of your chosen artist and how your composition is suited to them.
Identify theoretical and/or technical components in your performance
Identify your strengths and weaknesses and how you will progress
Identify your unique contributions and strengths
Identify your unique strengths and areas for development in your ‘About Me’ digital presentation, relating these to potential career routes
Identify, describe & explain the impact of orthodox dance music business practice on developments in conventional popular music business operations
Identify, draw influence from, and combine arrangement approaches
If the activity you originally agreed to execute has significantly changed or was not successful, explain why
Illustrate creative decisions for this assessment
Illustrate digital recording skills through original composition
Illustrate genre specific techniques and explain their implementation within own work
Illustrate stage performance and arrangement aspects of original music for ensemble
Implement a wide range of editing, recording and sound manipulation techniques to create an intended aesthetic
Implement arranging methods that support the musical ideas effectively.
Implement correct, industry specific terminology to explain equipment and processes.
Implement relevant presentation skills alongside an E portfolio of work
Include initial plans and responses to feedback
Independently gather, sift and organise a range of relevant research material and deploy this as supporting evidence for a focused academic investigation or argument concerning the relationship between fashion and music.
Independently gather, sift and organise a range of relevant research material in order to appraise the contemporary relationship between fashion and music.
Independently research and troubleshoot a selfdirected project for a realworld context considering time restraints and preparation / rehearsal time.
Integrate cultural, stylistic & technological approaches to musical composition & arrangement
Integrate key lyric writing techniques and methodologies in the composition of original lyrics
Integrate sound processing technology and its application in an industry standard production
Interpret a range of music briefs and respond appropriately
Interpret a variety of both prepared and unseen notated music in a performance situation.
Interpret and analyse crowd psychology and the impact of crowd behaviour on an event
Interpret and analyse trends based in gaming behaviour
Interpret and communicate parts in ensemble performance
Interpret and deliver the stylistic genre set by the choreographer (LO2)
Interpret and utilise the significance of all the musical markings, key and time signatures, tempo markings, dynamics and all other musical grammar markings
Interpret data to develop and evolve an ongoing marketing strategy
Interpret standard terms found within a musicpublishing contract.
Interpret the impact of crowd behaviour on event planning
Interpret the stage performance to reflect the composition and arrangement
Intervals, triads & seventh chords
Investigate and appraise appropriate event fundraising methods
Investigate and appraise important developments in the evolution of the event industry
Investigate and evaluate interactive music applications
Investigate and evaluate interactive music systems
Investigate how aims and objectives are applied to secure funding for a creative project.
It is necessary for you to identify, contact and establish relationships with existing online practitioners for advice and assistance on new approaches which are evidenced and written about in the Portfolio
Judge a range of compositional, arrangement, production and performance techniques informed or enhanced by creative technologies
Justify actions taken to prepare for the performance
Justify and evaluate your aesthetic decisions in the development of your performance.
Justify and reflect on your stagecraft and identity choices in the development and realisation of your performance.
Justify approaches to working, where possible linking theory to practice (LO3)
Justify choice and use of equipment to create the product
Justify choice of media platform in relation to target audience with reference to style, narrative and communication / release strategy.
Justify creative and technical decisions in relation to the chosen stylistic reference, referencing external sources of knowledge where appropriate.
Justify creative arrangement choice to reflect your concept
Justify techniques employed in the composition and production of the score in relationship to the dramatic work.
Justify the choices made in the development of your project, referencing both secondary and your own practicebased research
Justify the choices made in your planning, including reference to core pedagogical elements where appropriate
Justify the creative and technical desires of their project with a solid foundation of research and theory
Justify the creative concepts and production methods employed and evaluate their effectiveness.
Justify the performance strategy from musical, visual and aesthetic viewpoints.
Justify the product through market analysis and end user requirements
Justify your choice of artists and venues.
Justify your musical choices in relation to your personal development.
Justify your performance choices with reference to current and emerging industry trends.
Link their creative and technical decisions to a foundation of research
Links with external knowledge to aid developing understanding of working within a style or genre.
List and use a variety of digital productivity tools for communication & connection of ideas and approaches.
LO1:Communicate using professional music terminology when working with industry practitioners
LO1. Critically evaluate the key components of effective technical production at events
Locate and discuss relevant academic literature relating to the classes
Locate and organise information about the various modules on their course and to analyse and interpret their relevance to their chosen career path.
Locate and organise information regarding current developments in Dance Music that have led to its growth in global popularity.
Locate and organise information relating to industry institutions and discuss their relevance to a chosen career path
Locate and organise information relating to industry institutions and practitioners and assess their relevance to their chosen career path
Locate and organize information regarding current developments within Hip Hop that has led to its growth in global popularity.
Make appropriate recommendations for acoustic treatment based on own research:
Make informed analytical and evaluative judgments about significant trends and themes in the study of youth, culture and social change.
Make informed creative decisions in the construction of a convolution effect
Make informed reference to relvant supporting source material.
Make recommendations for further study and investigation relating to field of personal or professional interest.
Manage and deliver work that meets the contextual requirements of the brief
Manage responsibilities and/or resources
Manage the time and resources available to achieve your goals
Manage the workflow required to compose for film
Manipulate a media and messages using a variety of digital tools 
Measure and analyse the properties of an enclosed space
Meet the sound design brief
Mixing – Volume and spatial panning
Monitor progress and, where necessary, adjust to changing circumstances and contingencies
Music Synchronisation – working to briefs and interpretation
Negotiate the technical and creative concepts of acoustics and audio theory in relation to music production
New approaches considered. You can write about and critically reflect on the impact of your adopted methods in the Portfolio
Observe appropriate Health & Safety protocols
Observe appropriate rehearsal room etiquette: Preparation, Time management, Collaboration, Engagement, respect, Initiative (LO1)
Observe Professional protocol in the rehearsal and delivery of the piece. (LO2, LO3)
Offer a balanced exploration of a chosen example
Offer new perspectives by exploring your interpretations on current representations
Offer strong rationale for the use (or not) of a particular fundraising option
Operate a Digital Audio Workstation (DAW) to produce a finished recording.
Operate studio equipment and/or software
Organise the businesses onto a diagram that clearly depicts the interconnected relationships and revenue flow
Organise vocal recording sessions by communicating with vocalists
Outline a suitable show design and discuss appropriate audio, lighting and set.
Outline examples of current economic, operational, organisational and/or technological problems in contemporary business and entrepreneurship.
Outline positive elements and challenges presented in at least one of your chosen venues.
Outline strategies to manage business operations successfully
Outline the problem or situation that the research is seeking to address.
Outline your intended direction for the finished vocal production, with reference to existing released material.
Outline your intended final performance plans, making reference to inspirations and influences.
Participate in class discussions and inclass writing sessions
Perform a cohesive set with a clearly defined aesthetic
Perform a creative set of repertoire with effective authenticity and reference to identifiable branding elements demonstrating visible image, style, and stage persona.
Perform a range of stagecraft skills demonstrating effective verbal and nonverbal communication
Perform a set of music that includes elements of complexity
Perform a short live set demonstrating your musical research on your instrument as part of an ensemble.
Perform accurately with good tone and timing
Perform an independent line with assurance and confidence, working collaboratively with other performers
Perform appropriately to the demands of the score and answer questions relating to the musical notation
Perform effectively in an ensemble, using improvisation and interaction, appropriately judging dynamic and interplay according to the ensemble.
Perform in a mock audition
Perform in an ensemble with appropriate technical and performance skills.
Perform in an ensemble, demonstrating appropriate rehearsal and communication skills
Perform in an ensemble, selecting approaches from an advanced and/or authentic vocabulary.
Perform notated music, demonstrating your awareness of specific notated features.
Perform on your chosen complementary instrument demonstrating relevant skills
Perform repertoire that highlight fundamental areas of technique.
Perform stylistically appropriately to the genre
Perform with advanced music technology hardware and software which addresses audience expectations depending on genre and idiom
Perform with good tone and timing
Perform with relevance to a contemporary industry context
Perform with stylistically appropriate instrumental or vocal vocabulary.
Perform with technical and expressive skills in support of your aesthetic
Perform within the context of an ensemble
Pitch their ideas appropriately, taking into account the demands of the specific area of the industry they are presenting to. (LO2)
Place the product in context of application
Plan a lesson which is constructively aligned with these Learning Outcomes, and which will scaffold and stimulate learning towards these Outcomes, demonstrating knowledge of core pedagogical elements including differentiation
Plan a module of 3 linked lessons which are constructively aligned with these Learning Outcomes, and which will scaffold and stimulate learning towards these Outcomes, demonstrating knowledge of core pedagogical elements
Plan a module of 3 linked lessons which are constructively aligned with these Learning Outcomes, and which will scaffold and stimulate learning towards these Outcomes, demonstrating knowledge of core pedagogical elements including differentiation
Plan a music release for an artist of your choice
Plan and carry out research demonstrating a considered approach to data gathering and analysis.
Plan and deliver a portfolio of music written to commission
Plan and execute studio quality vocal recordings in collaboration with a vocalist, and demonstrate your application of industry practices utilising professional music production hardware and software
Plan and manage recording sessions with regards to resources, staffing and timescale
Plan recording sessions that answer the requirements of a provided brief, working within the given parameters
Plan suitable provision of facilities to ensure the welfare of employees and the public
Plan the sessions with regards to genre, equipment and vocalist‘s needs
Plan, execute & manage recording, processing and post editing session to achieve a media product.
Playback recorded artefacts through the sampler instrument of choice
Populate and manage an online portfolio that tracks and visualises your project.
Prepare a project plan using established methodologies from industry and research practice
Prepare strategies to mitigate potential health & safety concerns at an event
Present a clear and defined Gant Chart/ Project Timeline that considers the knowledge, skills and resources required to ensure success in the desired job role.
Present a clear and defined plan of action surrounding an upcoming release or project that demonstrates knowledge of resources and skills required for its success
Present a clear objective for the project, identifying the intended artefact/s
Present a collaborative project plan that supports a charitable cause of your choice
Present a well formulated and paced project proposal which includes a clearly detailed and defined storyboard.
Present an achievable timeline of project milestones
Present an ensemble performance based on three weekly briefs
Present an ensemble performance in support of a defined aesthetic
Present an ongoing personal and professional development plan, and justify your proposed actions
Present basic budgetary and resource requirements
Present clear reasoning for the choice made in your project plan
Present themselves and their ideas through the mock audition, and how they record them subsequently.
Present work appropriately according to academic and professional standards
Present work appropriately according to professional and academic standards
Present work that is informed by literature and scholarly activity in the field of music psychology.
Present your ethnomusicological research findings in a multimedia format to your peers.
Present your journey so far, your career goals and future personal and professional development plans, relating this to what you have learned about yourself and creative industries
Produce a coherent Technical Rider outlining an artist / client on stage and back stage requirements.
Produce a cohesive sounding mix from multiple audio sources that conforms to a chosen aesthetic.
Produce a complete audio production that is mixed and includes a wide range of appropriate production methodologies including, but not limited to:
Produce a composition which Illustrates industry standard creative practices within the context of the chosen genre.​
Produce a creative video artefact that adheres to industry standards and technical requirements
Produce a mix from musical components that is coherent to the listener.
Produce a practical project in response to the requirements of a professional creative brief.
Produce a realistic event budget
Produce a Reflective Essay which highlights and crossreferences the chosen practitioner and their production methodologies and how they were used to realise your production.
Produce a strategy that explores and utilises key marketing & PR concepts
Produce a successful musical outcome through creative use of programming
Produce an app mockup and/or prototype for use as a communication tool or business tool in the creative/media industry.
Produce an event plan appropriate for a specific creative discipline.
Produce an extended piece of work as part of your practice and/or enquiry in your field through selfdirected study
Produce an original audio production that uses your three designed synthesis patches, utilising three different models of synthesis. Consider appropriate synthesis methods in relation to musical output.
Produce an original audio production which demonstrates a range of production methodologies and processes from contemporary practitioners.
Produce an original audio production which demonstrates the methodologies and processes included in sampling and processing techniques.
Produce an original audio production which includes varied and advanced music production approaches.
Produce and apply audio manipulation, editing and processing techniques within sampling
Produce audiovisual creative artefacts in the construction of an eventsbased video production project
Produce coherent budgetary information for all aspects of the series or tour.
Produce original and innovative work without stepping outside the brief’s creative requirements.
Produce recordings of the work to an industry standard
Produce relevant and timely pitches that clearly identify legal, ethical, financial and budgeting issues relating to the chosen subject
Produce relevant media for evaluation following your site visit.
Produce work that meets all the technical requirements of the chosen brief.
Produce work that meets the expected professional standards of the chosen brief.
Proficiently use online productivity tools such as file sharing, planning and schedule, communications applications.
Promote and present their work with assurance demonstrating both knowledge of the medium and its intended audience (LO3)
Propose a live music event, such as a gig or festival and produce a written plan outlining what the event is, and how the event could be successfully delivered
Propose an effective mobilestrategy that maximises the reach, and longevity, of a new artist.
Propose justified solutions to logistical and procedural challenges of a festival
Propose realistic and effective solutions to these issues, in keeping with the stylistic expectations of a selfselected reference.
Propose realistic and welljustified solutions to event safety concerns
Propose refinements for future work
Provide a rationale for the resources required to achieve your project aims
Provide clear information relating to song structure and arrangement
Provide clear information relating to the contextual analysis of a specific genre within electronic music.
Provide evidence for community engagement such as your accounts, attendance records, etc.
Provide flexible solutions that can be scaled up or down to meet technical challenges in venues.
Provide practical demonstrations on your own or other instrument to support your research into the chosen style
Provide wellevidenced support for the choices and decisions you have made.
Rationalise technical choices based on the specific artist or client.
Rationalise your expenditure.
Recognise and define existing and emerging PR and marketing principles
Recognise creative tensions that develop as part of the collaborative process and explain how you have addressed these
Recognise team tensions or missed targets and reflect on these, drawing on peer/tutor/external feedback and applying theories explored in class to gain a more objective understanding of these issues.
Recognise the fundamental concepts in music publishing.
Recognise the overall process of sync licensing with awareness of key terminologies
Recognise the roles and responsibilities of key music industry business and professionals and describe the flow of revenue between them.
Recognise your strengths and areas for personal and professional development relating to career routes in the creative industries
Recognise, describe, and critically evaluate musical features of specific musical genres
Reconstruct a range of compositional and production creativities
Record an audio source in the assessment demonstrating the following:
Record Foley and sound design assets for compositional arrangement and processing
Record the composition using a DAW demonstrating the following skills:
Refer to external sources when appropriate
Reference supporting academic ideas and terminology
Reference the opinion and experience of professionals in the field, theory, opinion and relevant scholarship that has informed your decisions
Reference to contemporary engineers and producers within a chosen genre.
Reference to contemporary engineers or seminal works within a genre.
Reference to contemporary practitioners
Reference to external knowledge to aid in understanding of and replication of key methodologies.
Reflect on how current trends in the Live Music Industry can impact the success of live events
reflect on personal compositional approaches and how they inform your chosen career path, and include insights into the application of styles, genres, music theory, music technology and composing, arranging/performing for ensemble where appropriate
reflect on personal songwriting considering styles, genres, music theory, music technology application and composing, arranging/performing for ensemble
reflect on personal songwriting with reference to other artists/songwriters within the wider cultural development of popular music style/genres.
reflect on personal songwriting/composing with reference to professional traits pertinent to your chosen career path.
Reflect on practice and your own development.
Reflect on strengths and weaknesses in performance
Reflect on teamwork and project management
Reflect on the challenges of producing technical documentation
Reflect on the constraints faced and the aesthetic and creative decisions made.
Reflect on the process and performance
Reflect on the processes of creating music and preparing for performance.
Reflect on the production methodologies and asses the success of your implementation of these methodologies.
Reflect on the relevance of those discourses
Reflect on the sonic outcomes of your recording sessions
Reflect on the work appropriately
Reflect on the work appropriately
Reflect on their learning journey overall and how this module will help achieve some of their selfdefined goals.
Reflect on what elements of the event went well and how things could have been improved.
Reflect on what you have learned, both in terms of your own communication skills and your ability to use musical terminology.
Reflect on why you chose to study at <insert Institute here> and the career pathways that inspire you in your first audio report, ‘My Connection to the Creative Arts‘
Reflect on work during a Q&A session
Reflect on your audio capture and editing – how well do your audio artefacts support the narrative and visual aesthetic of your clip?
Reflect on your journey as a higher education student and developing creative industries professional through the creation of a Personal and Professional Development Portfolio
Reflect on your own creative practice and personal artistic development through the process up until your final performance
Reflect on your performance and the process leading up to it
Reflect on your performance as a team member and contributor
Reflect on your process and how the recordings or sessions could have been improved.
Reflect on your unique strengths, areas for development, selfbeliefs and ways of communicating in your ‘About Me’ digital presentation
Reflect upon and discuss the theoretical concepts studied in the module and how they informed the composition.
Reflect upon the effectiveness of procedures followed
Reflect upon the successes and failures of their work
Reflect with insight on their progress thus far, and areas for focus looking forwards in their training
Reflect, demonstrating insight, on their process and areas for further focus, creating personal goals to work on the following semester.
Reflection and evaluation of the mix process – both preproduction and mix methodology.
Relate a current societal, political or technological development relevant to the music industry to an organisation detailed in the diagram. 
Relate elements of your ideas to relevant reference points
Relate market trends of a product or service to a particular customer segment
Relate the key principles of your chosen critical perspective/lens to your chosen subject area
Relate theoretical knowledge and historical research material and commentaries about social movements and youth rebellions to the contemporary sociocultural landscape
Relate theoretical knowledge and industrybased data to applied music and fashion business outcomes.
Relate theories and constructs to representations in the creative industries
Relate theories and constructs to the creative industries
Relate to their chosen example
Relate your argument to your own creative/professional practice, reflecting on potential implications and/or summarising how you have developed your own practical understanding of the subject area
Relate your chosen pieces to this aim
Represent the mood of the new arrangement
Research and analyse assorted music styles and genres based on their interpretation of creative music briefs.
Research and analyse how artistic visions affect an audiofocused project
Research and critically evaluate current and past or similar strategies
Research and employ creative production techniques to develop works that are relevant to contemporary music practices.
Research and identify workbased learning opportunities to develop your employability 
Research and utilise appropriate recording equipment and practices in the production of impulse responses
Research and utilise visual content to enhance your performance
Research current industry technical standards in the use of audio, lighting, backline and/or SFX equipment.
Research industry practitioners to influence your own practice
Research related existing material and existing approaches to songwriting
Research relevant legislation and appraise how businesses work within the parameters this sets out
Respond imaginatively and practically to a specific location (LO1, LO2, LO3)
Respond to feedback and critique given by the choreographer to implement any notes with confidence and competency. (LO2)
Respond to questions about sets, shots, roles
Respond to the demands of a director, demonstrating consistently appropriate rehearsal etiquette and professionalism
Review the promotion and cross platform success of your website
Revise works in progress in response to critical analysis of both your own scores and the scores of others
Scrutinise the application of the various sources of income available to fund a creative project.
Seek appropriate feedback, and evidence your response
Select a set that has a cohesive message/aesthetic
Select and adapt a range of appropriate stagecraft techniques within a performance
Select and apply appropriate media approaches, forms and ‘voices’ to specified platforms and audiences.
Select and apply performance skills on a complementary instrument with an awareness of industry applications.
Select and apply relevant cultural theory in the analysis of an influential practitioner in their field. 
Select and apply songwriting and arranging techniques in an ensemble performance context
Select and employ recognised, appropriate equipment and methods when capturing audio
Select and justify appropriate project development strategies in the planning and creation of a video artefact
Select and use appropriate production analysis tools to analyse dynamic content
Select and use appropriate production analysis tools to analyse spectral and spatial content
Select and use appropriate production analysis tools to analyse structural content
Select and utilise variety of contemporary production tools, techniques or processes that are relevant to your own practice
Select appropriate methods for collecting primary data.
Select complementary repertoire that allows you to demonstrate how you have met the learning outcomes.
Select repertoire that complements your main study and enhances your employability in the music industry
Self reflect on their use of existing theories and reflective models to reinforce their decided outcome as to the relevance of their modules.
Selfassess their planning and teaching for this lesson, identifying strengths and areas for development
Selfreflection and the use of existing theories and reflective models to reinforce a decided outcome, as to the relevance of the areas for progression
Sequencing techniques – MIDI programming
Set and meet targets, prioritise and delegate tasks
Show a working knowledge of the underlying principles of sound propagation
Show an informed response to the key aspects of Video Games
Show awareness of all aspects of identity formation as they were discussed in class. 
Show critical awareness of how their work is situated within the context of others.
Show evidence of teamwork in the use of an Applied Theatre method introduced through the module. (As evidenced through the process of devising, and decision making)
Show how business operations are influenced by contractual agreements and/or legislative restrictions.
Show how core values, ethical policies and/or legal principles permeate business operations
Show how event designers accommodate and prioritise stakeholder interests
Show how music publishing company practices are reflected in their legal agreements with songwriters and composers
Show how music rights owner practices are reflected in their legal agreements with potential licensors.
Show how new technology can impact of the aesthetic choices in recorded music
Show that your portfolio has been informed by at least two established communications theories.
Show the ability to address the genres’ cultural and philosophical key points.
showcase each song in a different context (based on wider stylistic influence, variation to tempo, feel, harmony, instrumentation or live production)
Simple time signatures
Situate your work within the context of music psychology literature and scholarly activity.
Source and reference conventional methods utilised in the sources of inspiration for the video project the aim to create
Source and utilise research to justify the equipment selected for the piece.
Specialise in one key area to apply research to a short performance which they will present and reflect on in their Eportfolio
Successfully apply changes to your production under the guidance of another (Producer) using the equipment available to you.
Successfully contextualise your work using references to relevant work from other composers/producers in the chosen field.
Successfully interpret a design brief for a brand
Successfully interpret production guidance in the role of engineer.
Successfully load and present a multitrack recording of an artist featuring live instruments or vocals.
Suggest appropriate acoustic treatment to improve the frequency and modal/RT response of a room or space
Suitable mic placement
Summarise and critique a range of research resources to help you form and structure your argument
Summarise and evaluate the psychology and behaviour of different customer segments to appraise what motivates people to engage with a product or service
Summarise the difference between customer segments and psychological factors
Summarise the key principles of at least one critical perspective grounded in cultural theory that you have explored throughout the module
Summarise the key principles relating to theoretical concepts and ideas of creativity, identity and/or agency within the creative industries and/or artistry
Support your approach with reference to highquality academic scholarship, and adhere to standard academic conventions
Support your argument with evidence gathered from your research
Support your decisions or assertions with relevant data
Sustain performance choices within a range of contexts and genres
Sustain physical choices within a range of contexts and time frames
Sustain vocal choices within a range of contexts and genres
Synthesize and demonstrate genrespecific audio editing and mix techniques within a DAW.
Take responsibility for, and be aware of, their process throughout, and be able to articulate that process. (LO1, LO2)
Taking the history of the genre into consideration, produce an authentic performance, recognising the significant stylistic elements in each style.
This should include microeconomic factors such as supply and demand and consumer behaviour, as well as macroeconomic factors such as inflation, government policy and international trade
To lead a team in order to realise a concept (LO2)
To present a coherent piece with a clear narrative, demonstrating advanced dance techniques (LO3)
Troubleshoot issues in selfdirected project responding to a realworld context.
Undertake a site visit to at least one location, and create an accompanying suitability report.
Undertake and digitally document workbased learning in response to a specified learning agreement.
Undertake relevant research activity and relate this to the analysis of music
Update your PPDP to reflect how you have developed as a Creative Industries Professional through this process.
Update your SMART targets and timeline for your intended activity
Use a budget, timeline, schedules and other relevant planning tools for events
Use appropriate sound and techniques
Use appropriate spreadsheet software
Use audio capturing & editing tools to create a media product e.g. DAWs, sound equipment etc
Use critical theory to appraise a cultural artefact of their own choosing such as a collection of music, a cultural event, or a live theatrical or musical performance.  
Use essential concepts and techniques involved within a typical recording environment whilst operating studio recording equipment:
Use industry resources and networks of contacts to find opportunities for work based learning placements or projects which will develop their career action plan.
Use industry standard software, hardware and production techniques to generate video content appropriate for a targeted audience.
Use music technology software and hardware to produce a live performance that is confident, engaging and technically proficient
Use of effective audio editing and manipulation.
Use of Effects – Reverb, Delay.
Use production analysis theories to analyse and judge production techniques used in chosen works
Use research skills to identify your target audience and design appropriate project activity
Use research to interrogate how your chosen area in the history of recorded sound clearly interlinks and connects with culture and society with relation to musical development.
Use research to interrogate how your chosen area in the history of recorded sound clearly interlinks the available technology and technical approaches of said area.
Use sector appropriate digital tools to create and present your CV and chosen assets
Use technology to deliver an engaging artistic portfolio.
Use the evidence in your portfolio to justify the delegation of team roles and responsibilities when delivering the stakeholder requirements and hospitality needs identified during client consultation process for a selected corporate event or exhibition.
Use two new genres’ theoretical language in the creation of two or more new works.
Use visualisation tools such as mindmaps, pictograms, images and other media to illustrate planning and workflows of a project.
Using ‘cues’ provided in lesson and through independent study, students consider, reflect on and write about ideas applied to your own projects in the Portfolio
Using industry statistics and data identify current trends in the live music sector
Using the work in your Presentation as your starting point, you will expand your ideas by engaging in further discussion, reading and research to create a written essay. Your essay will show an indepth awareness and appreciation of film
Utilise a model of selfreflection and apply the findings to chosen area of progression.
Utilise a model of selfreflection to identify their skills currently and use as a device to explain areas they need to develop.
Utilise a range of instrument techniques in complex contexts
Utilise appropriate communication skills within ensemble performance
Utilise appropriate hardware and software to carry out acoustic measurements
Utilise appropriate performance and communicative skills
Utilise appropriate physical techniques in performance
Utilise appropriate sounds and performance strategies, relevant to the intended aesthetic
Utilise appropriate techniques in performance
Utilise appropriate tools and techniques when acting for camera
Utilise appropriate vocal techniques in performance.
Utilise contemporary technologies to develop creative compositional techniques.
Utilise different theoretical concepts to create and develop an original piece of music or arrangement for at least 4 individual instrumental and/or vocal parts.
Utilise effective business enterprise strategies to develop a music industry product or service
Utilise effective technique for the context and purpose of the music
Utilise key branding theory in designing a marketing plan for a music/event brand
Utilise key pedagogic principles vital to vocal coaching to elicit the most efficient result for your students
Utilise performance skills in order to make choices appropriate to the script and or score
Utilise performance skills in order to make choices appropriate to the script or score
Utilise programming language effectively on a technical level
Utilise relevant compositional and production techniques to successfully meet the creative requirements of the chosen brief.
Utilise research and include analytical examples to inform lines of reasoning within an original written submission
Utilise research to reach conclusions and recommendations for the basis of a report
Utilise skills to serve the narrative of the piece and the vision of the director (LO2)
Utilise suitable production and arranging techniques to achieve a production quality of appropriate professional standards.
Utilise technical skills to realise a story within the context of performance (Evidenced through both the cohesive nature of the performance and the discussions following)
Utilise the tools of performance to unlock creative ideas in order to portray credible and engaging characters in games
Verbally justify your performance choices with reference to current and emerging industry trends.
What challenges did you encounter when researching, and planning for the performance?
What collaboration options have you addressed?
What constitutes a professional level for your performance?
Work as a team to produce multimedia content that adheres to current industry standard technical requirements
Work courteously and professionally within a team (LO2)
Work creatively within the parameters of filming (LO1, LO2)
Work together utilising core techniques to realise a coherent piece of HipHop Theatre. (LO1)
Work with a range of scripts and directorial demands
Work with precision, synthesising technique with aesthetic considerations. (LO1, LO2)
Write a short case study profiling an inspiring creative industries professional, referencing industry data and relevant research resources.
You will be assessed on the creation of the performance itself and the organisation of it. This will include the music itself and the organisation of people and equipment.
You will be assessed on the level of research undertaken to inform the design and creation of your material for the performance.
Critically evaluate own performance with relation to industry practitioners
