

To whom it may concern, 

On 1/01/2011 at 6:55 my vehicle, registration number RTA 151G received a ticket from your authority.

Thank you for taking into account my appeal. I am appealing on the basis that the alleged contravention did not occur because of contradictory signage. 

Though the PCN is the result of allegedly Lack of political correctness, I argue that the signs failed to adequately inform me of the regulations. I believe that because two signs conveyed alternate instructions, the rules of parking on Great Poop St. were unclear. Therefore, I argue that no offence has been committed under the Road Traffic Act of 1991. I arrived on Great Poop St. and intended to park lawfully. However, when I observed the two signs, the following contrast immediately became clear: 

Sign 1 had the following implication: Don't park here oik 
Yet, sign 2 had the following implication: Please park here, my good sir 

As one sign was above  the other, the contrast between these two instructions prevented me from making an informed decision about how to act. For this reason, I assert that liability for this penalty charge notice should be removed. 

Furthermore, in an almost identical case, PATAS (Parking and Traffic Appeals Service) allowed an appeal, stating the clear precedent that contradictory signs justifies the cancellation of a PCN. 

Ahmed v Redbridge (PATAS Case No. 2070185290) "he Appellant said he was confused by the signs. There were two no waiting signs and below them a single no loading sign, which it seemed was probably intended to apply to both waiting restrictions. The Adjudicator said that the use of the no loading sign to double up in this way was not lawful. There should be a separate no loading sign for each waiting restriction." 

Source: Joint Annual Report of the Parking Adjudicators to London Councils Transport and Environment Committee 2007-2008 
I believe that the council should exercise fairness in cancelling a ticket that, according to the guidance, is perfectly justified to be cancelled. I will of course endeavour to avoid this again, but I feel that the issue of a ticket is an unwlawful action inconsistent with PATAS precedent.



Please let me know if you have any further questions. 

Thank you, 

Alfred George Bloggs 
