

To whom it may concern, 

On 1/01/2011 at 6:55 my vehicle, registration number RTA 151G received a ticket from your authority.

Thank you for taking into account my appeal. I am appealing on the basis that the penalty charge notice is invalid as a result of missing details. 

Though the PCN is the result of allegedly Lack of political correctness, I argue that the ticket failed to adequately conform to the regulations. Specifically, the ticket was in breach of the Civil Enforcement of Parking Contraventions General Regulations (2007) as it lacked the correct details in relation to the reason for the ticket: 

What the ticket stated: Pay up scum or we'll accuse you of kiddy fiddling
What the information should be: you unfortunately overstayed 

As the ticket issued is invalid, I am not liable for any charge under the Road Traffic Act 2004. 

Furthermore, in an almost identical case, PATAS (Parking and Traffic Appeals Service) allowed an appeal, stating the clear precedent that incorrect detail(s) in a PCN justifies the cancellation of the ticket. 

London Borough of Wandsworth v Als Bar and Restaurant 
Case Number: 2020106430 
Penalty Charge Notice: WA04516186 

"In particular, in this case, the PCN does not state that the penalty 'must' be paid within 28 day period. Word 'MUST' is mandatory. PCN also does not state that this period should begin with the date of the notice; also, no date of notice stated as such. PCN does not state that penalty must be paid within 14 period to begin with the date of the notice-date of issue and date of notice may not be the same. PCN also fails to refer to "before the end of the 28 day period" see sec 66(3)(e) RTA 1991 or to refer to the NTO being served by the "London authority on the person appearing to them to be the owner of the vehicle. It follows that I allow this appeal." 

I believe that the council should exercise fairness in cancelling a ticket that, according to the guidance, is perfectly justified to be cancelled. I will of course endeavour to avoid this again, but I feel that the issue of a ticket is an unwlawful action inconsistent with PATAS precedent.


Please let me know if you have any further questions. 

Thank you, 

Alfred George Bloggs 
