

To whom it may concern, 

On 1/01/2011 at 6:55 my vehicle, registration number RTA 151G received a ticket from your authority.

Thank you for taking into account my appeal. I am appealing on the basis that it is obvious that the date 06/11/1966 was misstated to be 06/11/1955 on a permit for residents. I arrived at 5:55 and as I was in a rush when placing a valid permit, selected 06/11/1955 rather than 06/11/1966 on the permit. 

As I do not have a history of persistently incorrectly using permits, I feel that the rules should be consistently applied and my representation should be accepted. 

I believe that it is impossible the permits, which stated, 06/11/1955 were used on another day, since the last 06/11/1955 was clearly prior to the issue of the permit. It is therefore clear that this PCN was issued for a mis-stated date, making the PCN trivial and inconsistent with other offences for which the fine is issued usually. 

Furthermore, in an almost identical case, London Tribunals (formerly PATAS, Parking and Traffic Appeals Service) allowed an appeal, stating the clear precedent that this type of error is 'de minimis': 

BH05920B "The PCN was issued for parking in a resident's permit space without displaying a valid permit. The appellant was a visitor. She obtained and displayed a visitor's scratch-card voucher. This required her to scratch off the day of the week, date, month and year. She made a mistake with the date, scratching off 21 instead of 22; all the other details were correct. The council claimed that this error invalidated the voucher. Held: This was the wrong approach. No contravention had occurred. The mistake was de minimis and did not invalidate the voucher. Given the combination of correct information given, the voucher could not have been used on any other day. While the adjudicator did not necessarily criticise the enforcement officer for issuing the PCN, the council should have appreciated that a minor and genuine error had occurred and canceled it. Appeal allowed" 

Though I of course apologize, I believe that the council should exercise fairness in canceling a ticket that, according to the guidance, is perfectly justified to be canceled. I will of course endeavor to avoid this again, but I feel that the issue of a ticket is a disproportionate action inconsistent with PATAS precedent since I had valid permits and used them in an honest way that isn't harmful to the Milton Keynes community.

Please let me know if you have any further questions. 

Thank you, 

Alfred George Bloggs 
